[Release Guide] Document Sprints (#717)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/contribution-guide/_index.en.md

### Sprints

Sprints are 3 week periods which encapsulate work on the release.
Most sprints focus on active development of the current version, while some focus on additional aspects such as design and stabilization.

> Specific sprints and their contents are details in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specific sprints and their contents are detailed in the following sections.
```

> Each sprint starts and ends on a boundry day, when one sprint ends another one begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each sprint starts and ends on a boundary day, when one sprint ends another one begins.
```

> The boundry day is **Monday**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The boundary day is **Monday**.
```

> On the sprint boundry day we will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the sprint boundary day we will:
```

> * Perform a milestone release (When applicable).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Perform a milestone release (when applicable).
```

### Sprints

Sprints are 3 week periods which encapsulate work on the release.
Most sprints focus on active development of the current version, while some focus on additional aspects such as design and stabilization.
Specific sprints and their contents are detailed in the following sections.

> Most sprints will end with a milestone pre-release, the designation of which is detailed in the following sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most sprints will end with a milestone pre-release as detailed in the following sections.
```

This allows the community and project members to verify the project is stable and test any fixes or features that were added during the
sprint.

> For most sprints a [test day](#test-days) to test the pre-release will be held after its creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A formal [test day](#test-days) may be held to facilitate testing of the pre-release.
```

> Each sprint starts and ends on a boundary day, when one sprint ends another one begins.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each sprint ends on a boundary day which also marks the beginning of the next sprint.
```

> The boundary day is **Monday**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The boundary days occur on a **Monday**.
```
